I'd like to know how to replace me as project manager, would the president agree?
From heaven, right?
You fire a small project worker, you don't need me to ask everything of my father.
Running away from work for no reason
You're not only unworthy of my father's opinion.
Not worthy of being a director.
I don't deserve it.
Doesn't he deserve it?
What are you?
You could say I don't deserve it.
Do you know who I am?
Gold Award International Design Competition
Your current bridge project design drawings are all mine.
You said I deserved it.
You didn't say, I almost forgot.
It's just this kind of rubbish design that you haven't passed safety testing, and I'm considering doing it on the ground, and yet I dare to take it out and build it.
It's really murder.
What did I say?
Say it again.
Guo Thanh people are international designers anyway.
Dear, what do you have?
What are your qualifications for pointing?
Yellow armor
Do you know how he got these so-called award-winning works?
Shit.
Hurry up and pack up and get out of here.
If not, don't blame me for being disrespectful.
Okay, I'll go.
So please bother General Manager Jiang to pay more than 7 million project money I have paid to the company over the years and
The department has completed the bonus meeting of the two projects, we Giang Vinh Group always do not need individuals to pay.
Unless you buy it under that name.
General Director Giang
We can't lack people like that.
Of course. About rewards?
Because now you are no longer a member of the Giang Bay Group.
The bonus is related to your chicken feathers.
General Director Guo is right.
Even if Guo Mo's bonus is sent, it should be sent to General Manager Guo.
What does that have to do with you?
Okay.
Don't regret it.
General Director
Good luck with your project.
If any of you can't get out with him.
What else is thick?
Fake what?
Hey, Dad, you're going too fast.
It's a big deal.
Our company's project manager has already done it.
Don't do anything.